all rights prime vanagon from
sportbiketrackgear.com pants all I can
say is wow the wire in here has got a
lot of detail it's it's like a flannel
it's stupid comfortable a lot of detail
on the outside of the pants too I like
all that it's pretty cool is there a
little big on me these are a 36 I am a
34 in the icon pants I find the icon
stuff the pants size true size for me
these are baggy cut I in a earlier video
I had on a proper size for me a 34 in
the Super Duty pant they fit great in
the waist everything was wonderful the
idea here is to keep you warm in the
cool weather and to give you some extra
abrasion resistance we've got the aramid
fiber reinforcement in the knee and the
hip here I like this little logo that's
imposter the ashfall technologies thing
got some big pockets here all I can say
is wow these are really comfortable and
if this is what you're looking for if
you're looking for a pant that's going
to help carry you later in the season
and let you start a little bit earlier
if it's cool where you live you know
east coast that kind of stuff northern
states I think this is a good buy $125
are available here in the blue denim
that I have on and they're also
available in a black canvas I think you
know just kind of tailor that towards
your choice to match your other gear
it's going to be good stuff Nick pan
down a little bit i'm just going to
catch this you can see here we've got
some snaps the bottom it's going to hold
the liner in place just look at the
detail on here we've got some skulls got
a little Iron Cross action going over
here can't see how soft it is but all I
can tell you is I'm feeling it right now
I mean it's this reminds me of you know
some of their other stuff like
there-there dmh jacket crazy comfortable
icon does a great job for their street
going gear they dot all the i's that
cross all the t's it's comfortable it
tastes ABS a measure of safety that a
regular pair of Levi's isn't going to
offer you
the insulated part is a nice bonus when
it's cold outside email us at icon at
sportbiketrackgear.com or get my guys in
the shop a call it 180 and 874 for 327
for best service on your icon purchase
you know what I'm so spun up about these
pants right now excited about this line
or the way it feels i want to show you
just how it comes out man it's it's
really impressive we've got a button
right here zipper all the way around
okay another button on this side I think
I already showed you got a couple of
snaps at the bottom we did that in the
first part of the video take that it
come right out once again you can see
the quality here you know what if you're
running law in pajamas here you go man
just pop this out you're good to go a
little extra bonus there give you
another look here at the aramid fiber
panels a little leather detail here on
the back I dig that nice thick belt
loops it's a cool detail here insulated
that's that's hot icon does a great job